Type of meeting: Standup meeting
Time: 6:30

Qiuyu:
- Looked at the CI pipeline
- Will discuss with the design team for monday

Joshua:
- Worked on monthly log design for gui

Khyat:
- Worked on daily log design for gui
	- will look into making index bar collapsable

Ricardo:
- Found a pure js calender as a template for the monthly log
- Looking for js list

Javier:
- Made the item class for notes, events, and tasks

Maxim:
- Began the future log code
- Began working on the CI

Sophia:
- Began writing pseduo code
- Researched local storage and importing/exporting objects

Carmen
- Added some small details to the figma design
- Reseached local storage and importing/exporting objects
