Type of meeting: Standup meeting
Time: 6:30

Qiuyu:
- Began making a new ADR, will upload tonight

Joshua:
- Opened new repo branch for the GUI team
- Uploaded future log html and css

Khyat:
- Continuing to work on the daily log
- Read through the house style notes
- Will upload work to repo

Ricardo:
- Basically finished the calender for the monthly log
	- Will add the sidebar once Joshua finishes it
- Looking into how to create a list of the events for the calender

Javier:
- Worked on demo model to try and connect frontend with backend

Maxim:
- Change lint pipeline to remove node modules to make package more space efficient
- Added video links instead of video to decrease size
- Began setting up Jest

Sophia:
- Worked on demo model to try and connect frontend with backend
- Began work on the custom log

Carmen
- Worked on demo model to try and connect frontend with backend
