Date: 05-18-2021 <br>
Type of meeting: Weekly GUI Meeting <br>
Team number: 16 <br>
Meeting location: Discord <br>
Time began: 6:30 PM <br> 
When the meeting finished: 6:50

### Who is in attendance:
- Ricardo Guerrero
- Joshua Hong
- Khyat Doshi
- 
### Who is missing:
- None


## Notes from discussion:
- Progress Update
  - Joshua 
    - Finishing up Future Log + Navbar
  - Ricardo
    - Worked on monthly log, most recently on list view
  - Khyat
    - Almost done with daily log, will push work to repo tommorow
- Goals for this Week
  - Joshua
    - Finish a component for the navbar
    - Hopefully turn the future log page into a general component as well
    - Fix style issues
  - Ricardo
    - Finish up monthly list view
    - If time, start creating a component version
  - Khyat
    - Finish daily log
    - Work on component version
- Repository Organizational Clarification
  - General frontend is a dev branch to push in progress work 
  - If changes are finished create a branch off of main with only the finished parts
  - Then open a pull request with the main branch
- Git Issues
  - Will create issues for each page and assign them accordingly 
- Weekend Meeting
  - Scheduled a weekend pair programming meeting
  - Saturday 10 AM PST
