Date: 05-17-2021 <br>
Type of meeting: Weekly Project Check <br>
Team number: 16 <br>
Meeting location: Zoom <br>
Time began: 6:30 PM <br>
When the meeting finished:

### Who is in attendance:
-

### Who is missing:
-

Maxim (Coordinator/Planner/Organizer):
- Expand lint action to more branches
- Create CI action for frontend languages
- Begin to create phase 2 of the CI diagram

Qiuyu (Coordinator/Designer):
- Create rapid logging page after the GUI team has released the skeleton
- Create 2 more ADRS
- Begin creating custom logging page

Carmen, Sophia, and Javier (Collection):
- Hold a meeting
- Create a working demo with the created objects
- Write structure for entries class and custom log classes
- Look into HTML elements and see how the backend will connect to the frontend
- Come up with a solid plan to save/recover data

Joshua:
- Future log progress

Khyat:
- Daily log

Ricardo:
- Monthly log

## Agenda:
1. The response of github issues from Maxim
2. Go over demos.
3. There is a CI/CD Pipeline due soon.
4. Goal for next week.

## Notes from discussion:
-
