Date: 05-10-2021 <br>
Type of meeting: Weekly Project Check <br>
Team number: 16 <br>
Meeting location: Zoom <br>
Time began: 6:30 PM <br> 
When the meeting finished:

### Who is in attendance:
- Maxim
- Ricardo
- Sophia
- Carmen
- Javier
- Khyat
- Joshua
- Qiuyu

### Who is missing:
-

## Job due for this meeting:
Everyone:
-

Maxim (Coordinator/Planner/Organizer):
- Finish project pitch
- Work with collection team
- Fix the UI workflow

Qiuyu (Coordinator/Designer):
- Finish login page
- Work with design team
- Think of how to handle logging in and begin coding

Design Team:
- Look at comments and adjust diagrams
- Make more detailed wireframes
- Make custom log variety of entry-based or laundry list view

Carmen, Sophia, and Javier (Collection):
- Build item & entry classes/structs
- Build collections
- Meet to discuss how backend will meet with the frontend
- Agree one coding house style

Khyat, Joshua, and Ricardo (GUI):
- Khyat: Make the daily log page and contemplate linking daily log with rapid log
- Joshua: Make the future log like the design's team design
- Ricardo: Format the calender to represent the diagram & make task view of monthly log
- Everyone: Meet and agree on house style

## Agenda:
1.

## Notes from discussion:
- Collection team leader: Javier
- GUI team leader: Joshua
