Date: 05-11-2021 <br>
Type of meeting: Weekly GUI Meeting <br>
Team number: 16 <br>
Meeting location: Discord <br>
Time began: 6:30 PM <br> 
When the meeting finished: 6:50

### Who is in attendance:
- Ricardo Guerrero
- Joshua Hong

### Who is missing:
- Khyat Doshi

## Notes from discussion:
- Joshua will set up GUI branch later today
- Joshua will finish up future log and start converting the sidebar to a component
- Joshua will take over the sidebar so other members can work on other parts of the site
- Ricardo will continue to work on the calendar as well as the list version of the monthly log
- Khyat is almost done with the daily log and will continue to add functionality
- For the MVP, will continue work as usual as the main pages are nearing completion
