Type of meeting: Standup meeting
Time: 6:30

Qiuyu:
- Create an adr
- I am reading code about the rapid log so that I can do the custom log

Joshua:
- Had a meeting go over some organization issues and also the plan
- Have another meeting tmr
- Working with the navbar

Khyat:
- Recently the daily logging page, has a couple of errors, will push repo tmr.

Ricardo:
- Organize the calendar of the monthly log, the list(includes the fonts, the list style).

Javier:
 Had a meeting this week in collection team.
- Add custom log features
- Incoporate local storage in the page.

Maxim:
- Hold the meeting with collection team and discuss the progress with collection team.

Sophia:
- Had a meeting this week in collection team.
- Add custom log features
- Incoporate local storage in the page.


Carmen
- Had a meeting this week in collection team.
- Add custom log features
- Incoporate local storage in the page.
