Type of meeting: Standup meeting
Time: 6:30

Qiuyu:
- Will help collection team as needed
- Work on making custom log more aethstetically pleasing

Joshua:
- Will continue making progress on the rapid log
- Rapid log done before monday?

Khyat:
- Absent

Ricardo:
- Will look into no button issue
- Make the monthly calender/list into components
- Meet with Javier

Javier:
- Finished local storage
- Meet with Ricardo to work on backend/frontend for monthly log calender/list view

Maxim:
- Try to make more unit tests if possible
- Prepare retrospective meeting

Sophia:
- Future log: added more functionality
- Will work on connecting local storage to future log

Carmen
- Meet with Khyat
- Continue working onto the local storage
