Type of meeting: Standup meeting
Time: 6:30

Qiuyu:
- Do the routing of the whole website
- Modifying the design and implementation of custom log

Joshua:
- Made the popups
- Help Khyat and Ricardo

Khyat:
- Added popups to the dailt 

Ricardo:
- Fixed the month not changing issue
- Cleaned up the monthly calender log
- Will push to branch

Javier:
- Can add entries into the monthly log
- Converted entries into a custom object

Maxim:
- Figuring out some weird merge conflicts with the main branch, collection branch, and test-demo
- Setup GitHub Pages

Sophia:
- Retrieving the entries and making them show up in the right month
- New popups for future log

Carmen:
- Met with collection team to standardize organization of data
- Will try to figure out the functions to migrate/remove/edit items
